Ag/describe service/quick start (#198)
socotecio/django-socio-grpc: docs/getting-started.rst

Adding a New App
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Defining models
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> 

Reviewer: Add a few words with a link to Django models docs

Author: done

  .. code-block:: python

    #quickstart/serializers.py
    from django_socio_grpc import proto_serializers
    from rest_framework import serializers
    from quickstart.models import User, Post, Comment

    # It is a preferable option to import the pb2 response in this way because,
    # for the moment, django-socio-grpc does not dynamically detect the correct response
    # from the pb2 files to associate with the serializer.
    # If a response does not exist, it will raise an exception, and block the generation of proto files.
    # Catching the exception helps to solve this problem,
    # and allows django-socio-grpc to generate proto files normally.
    try:
        from quickstart.grpc.quickstart_pb2 import (
            UserResponse,
            UserListResponse,
            PostResponse,
            PostListResponse,
            CommentResponse,
            CommentListResponse
        )
        except ImportError:
            UserResponse = None
            UserListResponse = None
            PostResponse = None
            PostListResponse = None
            CommentResponse = None
            CommentListResponse = None

> 

Reviewer: These do not exist yet in this quickstart, they come after the proto generation

Author: Done

Django Socio gRPC uses the name Service instead of View or Viewset.
With the exception of the name and the internal layer, a gRPC service works in the same way as a generic DRF View.

Django Socio gRPC Framework actually support both async and sync mode for gRPC.

You can refer to the part of the documentation describing the two types of method. In this example we are using an asynchronous service.

Following the same logic as DRF, Django Socio gRPC uses class-based services.

Here we implement pagination, permissions and filters by way of example.
You can write a mixin including these parameters and make an inheritance on the service class.
Please refer to the :ref:`Mixin section <Generic Mixins>` of this documentation to do this.

  .. code-block:: python

    #quickstart/services.py
    from django_filters.rest_framework import DjangoFilterBackend
    from rest_framework.pagination import PageNumberPagination
    from rest_framework.permissions import BasePermission
    from django_socio_grpc import generics

    from quickstart.models import User, Post, Comment
    from quickstart.serializer import UserProtoSerializer, PostProtoSerializer, CommentProtoSerializer

>     class UserService(generics.AsyncBaseService):

Reviewer: `generics.AsyncBaseService` does not exist, the base one would be `generics.GenericService` but it would not have pre-defined routes

You can use a mix of `GenericService` with custom routes and mixins like `AsyncListModelMixin` to show different ways to use them

Author: The mistake is mine, I wanted to import AsyncModelService and not AsyncBaseService, as I said in the introduction to this chapter (with the link) I think we could put the use of mixins in the Generic Mixins section. What do you think?

Reviewer: I think it's not that useful to show 3 times the exact same mixin, that's why we can mix things up if we declare 3 different services

Author: done

        pagination_class = PageNumberPagination
        permission_classes = (BasePermission,)
        filter_backends = [DjangoFilterBackend]

        queryset = User.objects.all()
        serializer_class = UserProtoSerializer
    
    class PostService(generics.AsyncBaseService):
        queryset = Post.objects.all()
        serializer_class = PostProtoSerializer
    
    class CommentService(generics.AsyncBaseService):
        queryset = Comment.objects.all()
        serializer_class = CommentProtoSerializer

**Note:**

You have the flexibility to revert to using the classic APIVIEW class or to reuse mixins or base classes to adapt to your needs. 

Example:

  .. code-block:: python

    from django.contrib.auth.models import User
    from quickstart.serializers import UserProtoSerializer
    from django_socio_grpc import generics

    class UserListService(generics.ListCreateAPIView):
            queryset = User.objects.all()

>             serializer_class = UserProtoSerializer

Reviewer: This is not true there's no APIVIEW in DSG

Author: I copied this part of the current documentation https://socotecio.github.io/django-socio-grpc/generic_service/ . I thought it would be interesting to suggest. However, there was an error in the import of the generics, it was from rest_framework, not DSG. Should we keep this part? In the meantime I've corrected the import error.

Author: Done

Register services
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This Handler will be the entrypoint for the service registration. 
Set its path as the ``ROOT_HANDLERS_HOOK`` of the ``GRPC_FRAMEWORK`` settings, 
please refer to :ref:`Available Settings <Available Settings>` part of this documentation.

> 

Reviewer: Add the exact code to add 

```python
# tutorial/settings.py
...
GRPC_FRAMEWORK = {
    "ROOT_HANDLERS_HOOK" : 'quickstart.handlers.grpc_handlers'
}
```

Author: done

Note:

Create this file at the root of the project, here ``tutorial/`` 

  .. code-block:: python

    # tutorial/handlers.py
    from django_socio_grpc.services.app_handler_registry import AppHandlerRegistry
    from quickstart.services import UserService, PostService, CommentService,

    def grpc_handlers(server):
        app_registry = AppHandlerRegistry("quickstart", server)
        app_registry.register(UserService)
        app_registry.register(PostService)
        app_registry.register(CommentService)

> Generate the protofile and the client associated to the model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generate the app's Protobuf files and gRPC stubs
```

Author: done
